//This data contain 100 examples
testPatient201 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient202 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient203 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient204 positive     true false false true true false false false
testPatient205 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient206 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient207 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient208 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient209 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient210 negative     true false false false true false true false
testPatient211 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient212 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient213 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient214 negative     false false false false true false true false
testPatient215 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient216 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient217 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient218 negative     false true false false true false false false
testPatient219 negative     false false false false true false true false
testPatient220 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient221 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient222 positive     true false true false true false true false
testPatient223 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient224 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient225 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient226 positive     false false false false true false false false
testPatient227 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient228 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient229 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient230 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient231 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient232 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient233 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient234 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient235 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient236 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient237 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient238 positive     true false true false true false true false
testPatient239 negative     true true false false false false false false
testPatient240 negative     true false false true false false false false
testPatient241 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient242 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient243 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient244 negative     true false false false false false false false
testPatient245 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient246 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient247 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient248 negative     true false false true false false false false
testPatient249 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient250 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient251 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient252 negative     true true false false true false true false
testPatient253 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient254 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient255 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient256 negative     true true false true false false true false
testPatient257 positive     false false false false true false false false
testPatient258 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient259 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient260 negative     true true false true false false false false
testPatient261 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient262 negative     false false false false true false false false
testPatient263 negative     true false false true false false false false
testPatient264 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient265 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient266 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient267 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient268 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient269 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient270 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient271 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient272 negative     true true false false false false false false
testPatient273 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient274 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient275 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient276 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient277 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient278 negative     true false false true false false false false
testPatient279 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient280 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient281 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient282 positive     false true false false true false true false
testPatient283 positive     false false false false true false false false
testPatient284 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient285 positive     false false false false true false false false
testPatient286 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient287 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient288 positive     false false false false true false false false
testPatient289 positive     false true false false true false true false
testPatient290 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient291 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient292 positive     true false false true true false true false
testPatient293 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient294 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient295 negative     true true false false true false true false
testPatient296 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient297 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient298 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient299 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient300 positive     true false false false true false false false

