//The number of examples in this file: 200
testPatient1 negative     true true false false true true false false
testPatient2 positive     true true false false false true false false
testPatient3 negative     true true false false false true false false
testPatient4 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient5 positive     false false false false true false false false
testPatient6 positive     false false false true true true false false
testPatient7 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient8 negative     true true false false false true false false
testPatient9 positive     true false false false true false true true
testPatient10 negative     true true false true false false false false
testPatient11 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient12 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient13 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient14 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient15 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient16 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient17 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient18 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient19 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient20 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient21 positive     true false false false true false true false 
testPatient22 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient23 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient24 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient25 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient26 positive     true true false true true false true false
testPatient27 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient28 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient29 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient30 positive     true true false false true true false false
testPatient31 positive     true false false false true true false false
testPatient32 positive     true true false false true true false false
testPatient33 positive     true false false false false true false false
testPatient34 positive     false true false false true false false false
testPatient35 positive     false false false false true true false false
testPatient36 negative     true false false true false true false false
testPatient37 negative     true true false false true true false false
testPatient38 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient39 positive     false true false false true false false false
testPatient40 negative     true false false true false false false true
testPatient41 negative     true false false true true false false false
testPatient42 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient43 positive     true true true false true false false false
testPatient44 negative     true false false false false false false false
testPatient45 negative     false false false false true false false false
testPatient46 positive     false false false false true false false false
testPatient47 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient48 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient49 positive     false false false false true false true false
testPatient50 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient51 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient52 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient53 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient54 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient55 negative     false false false false true false false false
testPatient56 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient57 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient58 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient59 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient60 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient61 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient62 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient63 positive     true true false false true true true false
testPatient64 positive     true true false false true true false false
testPatient65 positive     true false false false true true false false
testPatient66 negative     true true false false true true false false
testPatient67 positive     true true false false true true true false
testPatient68 positive     true true false false true true false false
testPatient69 negative     true false false true true true false false
testPatient70 positive     true false false false true true false false
testPatient71 positive     true false false false true true false false
testPatient72 positive     true false false false true true false false
testPatient73 negative     true true false false true true false false
testPatient74 negative     true true false false true true false false
testPatient75 positive     true true false false true true false false
testPatient76 negative     true true false true true true false false
testPatient77 negative     true true false false true true true false
testPatient78 positive     true true false true true true true false
testPatient79 positive     true false false false true true true false
testPatient80 positive     false false false false true true false false
testPatient81 negative     true true false false true true false false
testPatient82 negative     false true false false true true false false
testPatient83 negative     true false false true true true false false
testPatient84 positive     true false false false true true false false
testPatient85 positive     false true false false true false false false
testPatient86 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient87 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient88 positive     true true false false true true false false
testPatient89 positive     true true false false true true false false
testPatient90 positive     true true false true true true false false
testPatient91 negative     true false false false true true false false
testPatient92 positive     true true false false false false false true
testPatient93 negative     true false false false true false false true
testPatient94 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient95 positive     false false false false true false false false
testPatient96 positive     true true false false true true false true
testPatient97 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient98 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient99 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient100 negative     true true false true false false false false
testPatient101 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient102 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient103 negative     false true false false true false false false
testPatient104 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient105 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient106 positive     true false false true true false false false
testPatient107 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient108 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient109 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient110 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient111 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient112 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient113 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient114 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient115 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient116 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient117 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient118 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient119 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient120 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient121 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient122 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient123 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient124 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient125 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient126 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient127 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient128 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient129 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient130 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient131 negative     true true false false true false true false
testPatient132 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient133 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient134 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient135 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient136 negative     true false false true false false true false
testPatient137 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient138 positive     true false false true true false true false
testPatient139 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient140 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient141 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient142 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient143 positive     true true false true false false false false
testPatient144 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient145 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient146 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient147 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient148 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient149 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient150 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient151 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient152 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient153 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient154 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient155 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient156 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient157 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient158 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient159 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient160 positive     false false false false true false true false
testPatient161 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient162 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient163 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient164 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient165 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient166 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient167 positive     true false false true true false false false
testPatient168 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient169 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient170 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient171 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient172 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient173 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient174 positive     false false false false true false false false
testPatient175 negative     true true false true false false false false
testPatient176 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient177 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient178 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient179 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient180 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient181 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient182 positive     false false false false true false true false
testPatient183 negative     true false false true false false false false
testPatient184 negative     true true false false false false false false
testPatient185 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient186 negative     true true false true false false false false
testPatient187 positive     true false false true false false false false
testPatient188 positive     true true false false true false true false
testPatient189 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient190 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient191 positive     true false false false true false true false
testPatient192 positive     false false false false true false false false
testPatient193 negative     true true false false true false false false
testPatient194 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient195 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient196 negative     false true false false true false false false
testPatient197 positive     true true false false true false false false
testPatient198 negative     true false false false true false false false
testPatient199 positive     true false false false true false false false
testPatient200 positive     true false false false true false false false

